very good friends and friends welcome to
what has been a faína video
disaster unbalanced today I bring you I
revealed a series of tests that
possibly foxx and took the bite of the
87 he really animatronic that gave the
bit I will explain why a
subscriber funny treviño that I send
Greetings says the wolf is mortal then
can you say that the theory that I told you
that time this game was about
of the jeremy nightmare in your state
of coma after the bite is more
tangible now and if it's true I'll get
think and kisko wants us to understand
something with this 87 in the fox eye and we
wants to refer that tris coto pods are
will try or say something about the 1987 year of
the bite now I start to guess if
they want to be in a coma
possibly have nightmares during
about his condition then I get to
think about the pacers and the phrases of
the fainá pacers these 34 then I
I imagine that Jeremy is having a
nightmare where are the 4
Main Freddy asks Jeremy
who of these animatronics bit you
jeremy watching the three remaining
animatronics confused because maybe
he does not remember who gave him the bite
then the animatronics tell
jeremy bon and says was I girl says or
maybe me but fox and it says or me and
possibly jeremy is shocked to see
in the fox eye and a number 87 that
possibly fox and took the bite of 87
being the one himself guilty of giving him
the jeremy bite and do not mangle all
they say it's mangrove but I think that
it was not really fox and everything fits
he perfectly does not believe in guys but
well it's just a theory video but
well you judge you analyze later
you comment and say your opinion give me
like the video if it really has
liked to share it with your friends or with
I hope all you liked this video
I am and wolves mortal gameplays and more and
until
video be careful bye bye